Start some docs for the operator (#2076)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-configuring-kafkaservice-trust.adoc

[id='con-configuring-kafkaservice-trust-{context}']
= Trusting the proxied cluster's TLS certificates

By default, when connecting to the proxied cluster using TLS, the proxy will use the platform's default trust store.

> This will usually work if the proxied cluster's TLS certificates were issued by a well-known public Certificate Authority (CA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This usually works if the proxied cluster's TLS certificates were issued by a well-known public Certificate Authority (CA).
```

It will not work if the proxied cluster's TLS certificates were issued by a private Certificate Authority.

IMPORTANT: It is good practice to configure trust explicitly, even when proxied cluster's TLS certificates are signed by a public CA.

> .Example `KafkaService` configured to trust TLS certificates signed by any of the CAs in the `trusted-cas.pem` entry of the `ConfigMap` called `trusted-cas`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configures a `KafkaService` to trust TLS certificates signed by any Certificate Authority (CA) listed in the `trusted-cas.pem` entry of the `ConfigMap` named `trusted-cas`.

.Example `KafkaService` configuration for trusting certificates
```

[source,yaml]
----
kind: KafkaService
metadata:
  # ...
spec:
  bootstrapServers: kafka.example.com:9092
  tls:
    trustAnchorRef: # <1>
      kind: ConfigMap # <2>
      name: trusted-cas # <3>
      key: trusted-cas.pem # <4>
    # ...
----

> <1> The `trustAnchorRef` object references a separate Kubernetes resource which contains the CA certificates to be trusted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `trustAnchorRef` property references a separate Kubernetes resource which contains the CA certificates to be trusted
```

> <2> The `kind` is optional and defaults to `ConfigMap`.

Reviewer: shall we say what it's for and when to use it too?

Author: We have `kind` because we anticipate that eventually we might will support other kinds of resource. Because of the defaults it can be omitted. But including it explicitly makes it more obvious what's being referred to.

So I think it's better for users if they include it, because their resources are more understandable that way. But there's not much more to say about it right now, because we only support `ConfigMap`.

> <3> The `name` is the name of the resource of the given `kind`. This resource must exist in the same namespace as the `KafkaService`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> The `name` of the resource of the given `kind`. This resource must exist in the same namespace as the `KafkaService`
```

> <4> The `key` identifies the entry in the given resource. The corresponding value should be a PEM-encoded set of CA certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> The `key` identifies the entry in the given resource. The corresponding value must be a PEM-encoded set of CA certificates.
```

[id='con-configuring-kafkaservice-trust-{context}']
= Trusting the proxied cluster's TLS certificates

> By default, when connecting to the proxied cluster using TLS, the proxy will use the platform's default trust store.
> This usually works if the proxied cluster's TLS certificates were issued by a well-known public Certificate Authority (CA).
> It will not work if the proxied cluster's TLS certificates were issued by a private Certificate Authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the proxy uses the platform's default trust store when connecting to the proxied cluster over TLS.  
This works if the cluster's TLS certificates are signed by a well-known public Certificate Authority (CA), but fails if they’re signed by a private CA instead.
```

Reviewer: Don't think we need to be so cautious with _usually_?
